"yesterday, the big old guy put candy up in the wall."

"he's a character"

ho ho ho, and a bottle of rum.

"look at olive oil" -referring to an iris outside in his sandbox

"which one of us do you think is goofier?"

"what I like better than church, is the slim..." 

"there's at least one thing the state of michigan is great at...the sun rising, at night you get one big color, the sun is shining like mad"

"if you don't laugh like the moon and sun wandering down, you're in trouble"

"they should be hit with an atomic bomb" - referring to south park

"oh we had a really good, oh yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, in my tum"

"Candy in the wall will wake up little babies. Woo Hoo."

"I love watching music while these guys are playing games. Show me a cannon."

"I tend to go to bed everyday."

"what color are you using in the wall?"

"ooh the cat smells good, me go to bed, meow meow."

"let me see if I can find a little something to nibble on before I go to bed."

"it is sort of interesting that one of the athletic things where they're bopping people, heh, heh, heh." (I think about hockey)

"we should eat at least once a month at the outhouse." (Referring to Outback Steakhouse)

"bop him on the head. That's a Wagner tradition."

"I got a kitty cat, Kitty cat gots me. Woo Hoo."

"Is she an aunt or an uncle? No she's not an uncle. She's looking for something." (referring to Papaya)

"The cane is not going to hop in the air and help me fly."

"I'm not an Easter Parade in 1800 and 20."

"Hey crunch and munch, how you doing up there?"

"Wow, I'm sitting here saying to myself and everyone else who can hear me, thinking how did that thunder and lightning storm from the other night allow for all those flowers to sit there and smile at us."

"The black and purple, maybe more black than purple, but they hang together. That's why I call them entrepreneurs."

"Make her enjoy my pleasures of the flower."

"You just got done cleaning everything off that doesn't need to be on your body, and there it is yuck. Here it is I just cleaned off, and 20 minutes later you see something swimming down your leg. And no matter how it gets there, it's there. Well I suppose, well no maybe not, the deal is how it works with men is well OK, well you've got a something, something that can hold water, and so you, a little has come out, and yes, a little damp, and then you fold it another way, and now it has started out with a little bit of liquid leaving the upper part of the body, and now it is going down down down there, and you see if there is another, and then you have to sort of fold it double, and it has already done a little bit from going up from being down, and it usually gets a bit stuck. And though males and females though they have slightly different shapes, they have the same things workings, the same logic."

"I need to go pee, but even more I know I need to get rid of the pee."

"That might get Mike crawling up the walls which would be better than drifting down the wall."

" You know I would have won a bet, I would have won a prize for best particular iris. The one that I have been telling you about has just been named, earlier, three or four years ago. They came up with these Greek, oh yeah, Homer must have written the names for them. Virgil could have done it, too. They weren't entrepreneurs. The king or queen said write me a good story, so they did. that's how the world kept going in terms of getting people to learn some things and make a story out of it. It has been going on for just about everybody, not that everyone was doing the things, but everyone got to read them, and that was special."

"Virgil has the best comments - be aware of Greeks carrying gifts, especially if you're in the land of the trojans."

"Virgil's thing was so beautiful because the last 10% had to do with the river of evil. Getting across the river, every part of your body might get sliced off. It was back back back in the days when people, you know, Greeks and then the Romans both had their notions of religious and spiritual things. And they wrote their stories about them, and the kings and the queens were really interested in letting everyone know that they have a king and a queen who had a lot of energy and ability to get things done for everyone who wants it or deserves it."


"I can't count each one that is completely colored and happy looking. But I have 8-10 of what the national Iris party considers to be the best. That have one blue flags, not flags, what do they call them. Metals - they never use metals, because they weigh more and make them break. I manage to have something out of the top 10 or 12, which is rather nice. Huh, there is something very yellow sitting on the top of one of them from here. I wouldn't be surprised if one of them was one of the warbler birds that are all yellow and usually from the south."

"Look at that thing in front. If it doesn't look like a monkey, what does? It has it thing sticking out." (Talking about an iris)

"well if it were an iris, it's quite possibly somehow or another it could get another one like it spinning its seed. Actually, irises don't give off seeds, they're a little different. Tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet. Iris has very explicit rules about pollination. They do it in a very different way, they get locked up in stuff, not grease, but anyhow, there are several sort of types of stuff that tends to be on the much more solid than a lot of the other things that grow in, oh gee, where is it? I'll find some in my orchid books for you to read. They're very intriguing. Anyway, the irises. What seeds they have are very different from most seeds. They don't have a shell or dust, and they insist on growing in some very weird stuff."

"Off I go for a few minutes. Flowing through my thing here."

"We got to get a good picture of that purple ape. Looking at the flower in front of him."

"I think I've told a few people that I have decided that in as much as humans seem to have a lot of noise, I wouldn't call it noise so much, but, ah, well maybe it's been thought for a zillion years that god made men to be able to talk, unlike the animals, animals can make noise, of course. But you needed people who can get together with each other. I decided earlier this year that I'm willing to bet that not only did god make men to correspond with each other, hopefully even with him, but he also decided that humans he was going to make sure can sing like mad."

"You can't urinate chunks of metal."

"The guys are so eager to put a hole in the wall so they can put the golden...."

"Another example of knowing the people that know you, everything is going to be OK."

"Wow, it just hit me. Blueberry breakfast. Woo woo woo."

